README.md, before:

# tui-moodle

A terminal UI for Moodle built with Bun + Ink.

## Features

- Secure login with username/password
- Cross-platform secure password storage (macOS Keychain, Linux libsecret, Windows DPAPI)
- Upcoming assignments dashboard (assignment, due date/time, course)
- Telescope-style course finder (`/`) to open course pages
- Cached course fallback when Moodle API is unavailable
- Settings/help modal with shortcut list (`?`)

## Requirements

- [Bun](https://bun.sh/) (v1.3+ recommended)
- A Moodle instance with web services enabled
- Valid Moodle account credentials

## Install

```bash
bun install
```

## Run

```bash
bun run index.tsx
```

Or through the bin entry:

```bash
bun run bin/moodle.js
```

## Controls

- `?` open/close settings modal
- `q` quit
- `l` logout
- `r` refresh dashboard or active course page
- `/` open course finder
- `f` open course content finder (on course page)
- `↑` / `↓` scroll dashboard or course content
- `PageUp` / `PageDown` jump
- `Home` / `End` jump to start/end
- `Enter` open highlighted course (inside course finder)
- `Esc` close course finder or return from course page

## Tests

```bash
bun test
bunx tsc --noEmit
```

## Local Debug Script

Fetch courses using saved credentials:

```bash
bun run scripts/fetch-courses.ts
```

## Config Storage

- Config file: `~/.config/tui-moodle/config.json`
- Cache file: `~/.config/tui-moodle/cache.json`
- Windows fallback secret store: `~/.config/tui-moodle/secrets.json`

## Push Checklist

1. Confirm no `node_modules` is tracked (`git status`).
2. Run `bun test` and `bunx tsc --noEmit`.
3. Commit all files.
4. Add remote and push:

```bash
git remote add origin <your-github-repo-url>
git branch -M main
git push -u origin main
```

Commit message:

feat: add assignment modal and related functionality
- Implemented AssignmentModal component to display assignment details.
- Integrated assignment modal into the Dashboard component with state management for loading and error handling.
- Added shortcuts for opening and closing the assignment modal.
- Enhanced the Dashboard tests to cover new assignment-related functionalities.
- Updated moodle.ts to include new interfaces for assignment details and submission status.
- Created utility functions for fetching course assignments and submission statuses from the Moodle API.
- Added normalization functions for assignment details and submission statuses in moodle.ts.
- Updated README.md to include new keyboard shortcuts for assignment modal interactions.

README.md, after:

# tui-moodle

A terminal UI for Moodle built with Bun + Ink.

## Features

- Secure login with username/password
- Cross-platform secure password storage (macOS Keychain, Linux libsecret, Windows DPAPI)
- Upcoming assignments dashboard (assignment, due date/time, course)
- Telescope-style course finder (`/`) to open course pages
- Cached course fallback when Moodle API is unavailable
- Settings/help modal with shortcut list (`?`)

## Requirements

- [Bun](https://bun.sh/) (v1.3+ recommended)
- A Moodle instance with web services enabled
- Valid Moodle account credentials

## Install

```bash
bun install
```

## Run

```bash
bun run index.tsx
```

Or through the bin entry:

```bash
bun run bin/moodle.js
```

## Controls

- `?` open/close settings modal
- `q` quit
- `l` logout
- `r` refresh dashboard or active course page
- `/` open course finder
- `f` open course content finder (on course page)
- `Enter` open selected assignment details modal (on course page)
- `↑` / `↓` scroll dashboard or course content
- `PageUp` / `PageDown` jump
- `Home` / `End` jump to start/end
- `Enter` open highlighted course (inside course finder)
- `Esc` close active modal/finder or return from course page

## Tests

```bash
bun test
bunx tsc --noEmit
```

## Local Debug Script

Fetch courses using saved credentials:

```bash
bun run scripts/fetch-courses.ts
```

## Config Storage

- Config file: `~/.config/tui-moodle/config.json`
- Cache file: `~/.config/tui-moodle/cache.json`
- Windows fallback secret store: `~/.config/tui-moodle/secrets.json`

## Push Checklist

1. Confirm no `node_modules` is tracked (`git status`).
2. Run `bun test` and `bunx tsc --noEmit`.
3. Commit all files.
4. Add remote and push:

```bash
git remote add origin <your-github-repo-url>
git branch -M main
git push -u origin main
```
